.TH SPI-PIPE "1" "August 2014" "SPI-tools" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
spi-pipe \- full-duplex SPI communication tool.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B spi-pipe
\fIoptions\fR...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This program allows full-duplex communications, sending data from its
standard input to the SPI slave, and displaying on its standard output the
data received from the SPI port.
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-device\fR=\fIDEVICE\fR
use the given Linux spidev character device.
.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-speed\fR=\fI<int>\fR
set the target SPI speed for transfer.
.TP
\fB\-b\fR, \fB\-\-blocksize\fR=\fI<int>\fR
set the block size (in bytes) for transfer.
.TP
\fB\-n\fR, \fB\-\-number\fR=\fI<int>\fR
set the number of blocks to transmit (-1 for continuous transfert).
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
display the help screen and exit.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
display the version number and exit.

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Get help:
$ \fBspi\-pipe \-h\fR
.TP
Send and receive at the same time
$ \fIcommand-1\fR | \fBspi\-pipe \-\-device=/dev/spidev0.0 \fR | \fIcommand-2\fR
.br
Note that \fIcommand-1\fR, \fIcommand-2\fR and \fBspi\-pipe\fR run simultaneously
in three different processes.
.TP
Send data to the SPI link
$ \fIcommand-1\fR | \fBspi\-pipe \-\-device=/dev/spidev0.0 \fR
.TP
Receive data from the SPI link
$ \fBspi\-pipe \-\-device=/dev/spidev0.0 < /dev/zero\fR | \fIcommand-2\fR
.br
You can also use \fIcommand-2 < /dev/spidev0.0\fR but with \fBspi-pipe\fR you can control
what is sent to the device (always `0` here).
.TP
Read 40 blocks of 4 bytes from the SPI link
$  \fBspi\-pipe \-\-device=/dev/spidev0.0 \-b 4 \-n 40 < /dev/zero\fR | \fIcommand-2\fR
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Christophe BLAESS <http://www.blaess.fr/christophe>.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
.br
Github home page: <https://github.com/cpb-/spi-tools.git>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2014 Christophe Blaess.
.br
Licensed under GPLv2 <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
.br
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
